Mention @slightlyoff's blog posts for automating `contain-intrinsic-size` (#5833)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/content-visibility/index.md

dimensions, ensuring that your unsized divs still occupy space.
`contain-intrinsic-size` acts as a placeholder size in lieu of rendered content.

As setting sizes for each element using `contain-intrinsic-size` is not easily 
done, we can utilize a `IntersectionObserver` and `MutationObserver` to set

> the correct sizes inline. [Alex Russel](https://twitter.com/slightlylate) explains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the correct sizes inline. [Alex Russell](https://twitter.com/slightlylate) explains
```

> As setting sizes for each element using `contain-intrinsic-size` is not easily 
> done, we can utilize a `IntersectionObserver` and `MutationObserver` to set
> the correct sizes inline. [Alex Russel](https://twitter.com/slightlylate) explains
> how this works in a [two](https://infrequently.org/2020/12/content-visibility-scroll-fix/)-[part](https://infrequently.org/2020/12/resize-resilient-deferred-rendering/) blog post series.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
We can use `IntersectionObserver` and `MutationObserver` to set
the correct sizes inline for each element. [Alex Russell](https://twitter.com/slightlylate) explains
how this works in [`content-visibility` without jittery scrollbars](https://infrequently.org/2020/12/content-visibility-scroll-fix/), and [Resize-Resilient `content-visibility` Fixes](https://infrequently.org/2020/12/resize-resilient-deferred-rendering/).
{% endAside %}
```
